it is day three here in Kazan and I just
finished my workout for the day I was
kind of planning on doing two practices
but we got everything done in one so now
I'm gonna take the rest of the day to
relax and maybe take like a five hour
nap who knows um but yeah thought I'd
say hello practice is going well
hotels good view of trees but practices
have been going really well I haven't
talked much on the vlog just because
I've been kind of getting in the
competition mode with some of my dad's
but we've been doing them well things
have been going well so hopefully we can
dive the best we can
in the prelims and then again in the
finals on Sunday and synchro and then
I'll be done competing here in Kazan
this year and then I will just be
spending the rest of the week training
and then I'm gonna take two months off
well probably not two months take a
little bit of time off but I'm going to
New York straight after this I got my
schedule and I've never been in New York
so I'm really excited so maybe we can do
like if anyone any single one of you
lives in New York let me know in the
comments or on Twitter or on Instagram
because we might have a little bit of a
meet-up if you guys are willing to do
that in New York because we're getting
close to eight and a half thousand
subscribers which has a large amount of
people and looking at demographics a lot
of you live on the East Coast in New
York New Jersey area so we can do that
but hello from Kazan Russia there's a
picture of a dog still and I have
finally got used to the time change it
took a very long time
I keep getting like tired during the
holiday and wake up at night but I think
I'm kind of over that now but done
diving for the day so who knows what
I'll film next I'm kind of sitting here
watching some YouTube videos trying to
decide if there will be coffee down in
the lobby because sometimes there's
coffee sometimes they're not I took a
nap I took a shower now I'm watching
youtube videos about to just do some
editing to some stuff I've already
filmed but I feel like going back to bed
and
you need the can't even speak I need to
go to bed in like four hours so I'm
stalling the time schedule because if I
go to bed now I'll wake up in the middle
of night and it'll be really bad so I
need coffee to wake myself up let's go
see if they have coffee downstairs I'm
betting that I'll be able to get some if
I just keep walking and show that I
don't know any Russian so let's hope
they don't stop me I need this because
if I do not have this I cannot go
anywhere in Russia I wrote myself a
little reminder
oh he doesn't know we're filming
the rinse is coming this is why divers
aren't professional singers or models
hey hey special guest here
the
and what are we about to do and how many
times have you played Monopoly do you
want you've been here silence
twice now Oh be careful interested what
though how many times have you really
played too many to count
804 how many times have you one out of
eight hundred and four five two times oh
yeah yeah hey no I know life is too bad
to do this hey look at this dog his name
is Nelson German by yourself comments
pickles on this vlog if you like the way
he still wears his socks